Add info how to add local user to pihole group (#1244)
pi-hole/docs: docs/main/post-install.md

```code
static domain_name_servers=127.0.0.1
```

## Adding your local user to the 'pihole' group

> Since version 6 Pi-hole uses a new API for authentication. All CLI commands use this API instead of e.g. direct database manipulation. If a password is set for API access, the CLI commands also need to authenticate. To avoid entering the password everytime on CLI, Pi-hole allows users which are members of the 'pihole' group to authenicate without manually entering the password (this can be disabled with setting `webserver.api.cli_pw` to `false`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pi-hole v6 uses a new API for authentication. All CLI commands use this API instead of e.g. direct database manipulation. If a password is set for API access, the CLI commands also need to authenticate. To avoid entering the password everytime on CLI, Pi-hole allows users which are members of the 'pihole' group to authenicate without manually entering the password (this can be disabled by setting `webserver.api.cli_pw` to `false`.)
```
